Update troubleshooting.md with FIN flashing procedure (#1765)
balena-io/docs: pages/faq/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.md

  * [Connectivity](#connectivity)
  * [SD Card Corruption](#sd-card-corruption)
  * [Wifi doesn't connect on RPI3](#wifi-connection-problems-on-rpi3)

> * [Balena FIN](#balena-fin)

Reviewer: According to the [Style Guide](https://github.com/balena-io/docs#balena-specific-words), for consistency, we try to mention `balenaFin` in this way only. Please replace balenaFin across your PR to match the style guide

>   * [Balena FIN Internal eMMC/storage not showing up in Etcher (Linux systems) when trying to flash](#fin-flashing-problems-etcher)

Reviewer 2: Looks like the anchor-link here isn't correct? :shrug:

### Error Notifications

## Balena FIN

### Balena FIN Internal eMMC/storage not showing up in Etcher (Linux systems) when trying to flash
If you are trying to flash a Balena FIN device with a Balena image, and you are running a Linux based OS on your system you may experience the following error after you connect the Balena FIN to your system: The `Select target` button of the Etcher application does not list the Compute Module memory storage (although the `Select target` button is active and clickable).
You will need to open a command-line terminal and navigate to where the balenaEtcher application is stored on your file system and start it from the command line:

> `# sudo ./balenaEtcher-1.5.95-x64.AppImage` (balenaEtcher version - 1.5.95 - may differ)

Reviewer 2: This should probably at least be the current 1.5.116 ? @thundron @zvin

Reviewer: How about no version, and we keep it generic. Such as, 
```suggestion
`$ sudo ./balenaEtcher-<VERSION>.AppImage`
```

> You will be prompted for your password and after a successful login the `Select target` modal will show a `Initializing...` label for a short period of time and the Compute Module memory storage will be selectable.

Reviewer 2: "login" -> "authorisation" ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be prompted for your password and after a successful authorization, the `Select target` modal will show up as `Initializing...` label for a short period of time. After the initializing process has been completed, the Compute Module memory storage will be selectable.
```
